hello there welcome to another episode
of the true gamer top-10 and today we're
going to take a look at the top 10 worst
Sega Dreamcast games of all time where
were the top 10 most awful terrible and
worst
titles ever released on the Sega
Dreamcast console number one kiss psycho
circus the nightmare child came out in
2000 the rock band Kiss kept themselves
relevant in to late 90s by merchandising
but their video games were a total bust
psycho circus the nightmare child is a
crappy Dreamcast port of a PC
first-person shooter and featured a
stupid storyline about some kiss posers
who got superpowers the shoot-'em-up
gameplay is mindless the presentation is
monotonous and the DC port is missing PC
features such as multiplayer what a joke
number 2
Jet Set Radio came out in 2000 also
known as jet grind radio in North
America Jet Set is a lame action
platformer game from Sega about graffiti
skaters the camera controls are horrible
the missions are tedious and the
graphics look bland and way too
cartoonish the worst part is the cheesy
music which doesn't fit with a style in
the gameplay feels way too Arkady and
unrealistic number 3 Crazy Taxi came out
in 2000 on the Dreamcast one of the most
frustrating games in the Dreamcast
library Crazy Taxi is about driving a
gimmick car from checkpoint to
checkpoint the controls feel
run-of-the-mill
the soundtrack is not energetic enough
and you can't even run over the pathetic
pedestrians the sad part is this entire
game is just one mini game side
distraction that you can find in an
actual open-world game like
tá in Saints Row number four resident
evil Code Veronica Kimber than mm one of
the most outdated games on the Dreamcast
code Veronica is you're tired 90 style
survival horror fodder the stages look
cheap and bland the plot is confusing
and the gameplay is sluggish and makes
me feel very drowsy overall we get an
obsolete style game that feels
completely old-fashioned for a system
that was supposed to bring the next
generation experience in the early 2000s
number 5 NFL 2k came out in 99 the 2k
series debuted on the Dreamcast in the
late 90s but instead we got a played-out
football game which stunk on the console
the animations and the motion captured
moves are not realistic at all the
gameplay doesn't stand out from previous
football games and the audio is way too
distracting the game is littered with
glitches and bugs such as repetitive
sound effects not of bound kickoffs
issues and the problematic catching
number 6 Skies of Arcadia came out in
2000 when it comes to RPGs Sega is not
really known for this genre outside of
fantasy star Skies of Arcadia is your
typical fantasy dungeon crawler when
boring pathways predictable puzzles and
your typical monsters there are way too
many random battles which really slow
down the pace of the game and overall
looks like crap compared to real RPGs
such as Final Fantasy 7 and Legend of
Dragoon number 7 Marvel vs. Capcom 2 New
Age of Heroes came out in 2000 one of
the most ported fighting games from the
early 2000s Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is the
beginning of the BS the gimmicky cross
brand roster played the Dreamcast
console only to infect the other systems
as the years went on with annoying
characters an irrelevant storyline and
simplistic gameplay Marvel vs. Capcom 2
was also
least faithful port on the Dreamcast
because its engine sucks so bad and was
so inferior compared to the later
systems number eight Sonic Adventure
came out in 98 Sega needed a real 3d
Sonic game but it was far too late by
1998 Dreamcast was their latest console
at the time but Sonic was already a
finished franchise which fewer fans than
bubsy by the late 90s horrible graphics
clumsy controls slow pacing and corny
mascot characters completely ruined the
entire gaming experience
number 9 Soul Calibur came out in 1999
on the Dreamcast one of the worst
Dreamcast games of all time Soul Calibur
is a lame console port of an arcade
fighting game the graphics don't look
nearly as good compared to something
like Virtua Fighter 5 the gameplay isn't
as fun as Tekken Tag Tournament 2 the
women characters aren't as sexy as the
ones on the Dead or Alive 5 of female
characters and the presentation isn't as
violent as Mortal Kombat X the weakest
part is the weapons system feeling more
like a gimmicky blade will being slap
vest for anime nerds number 10
Shenmue came out in 99 one of the
slowest games in Sega history this
self-indulgent tripe is your typical
overdramatized schlock the lack of
action is numbing ly boring the
storyline is not exciting and the
gameplay is so tedious Lee time-wasting
at the time Shenmue was also one of the
most expensive games to develop which
means the developers wasted 47 million
dollars on this walking non-action
garbage alright so that's it for the top
10 worst Sega Dreamcast games of all
time these are definitely the most
pathetic titles released on Sega's last
final console ever put out and no wonder
the freaking Dreamcast went out of
business and was discontinued by 2001
after barely two and a half years
the Dreamcast was finished all its games
pretty much frickin stunk and had no
frickin good games there was nothing no
must-have exclusives no amazing amazing
franchises a Dreamcast was an absolute
friggin fluff it's safe to say it's one
of the worst consoles of all time and
definitely the crappiest from the sixth
generation if you want a better 6 gen
gaming system
go get the ps2 that one had way better
graphics way more games and way better
exclusives than this Dreamcast drooling
diarrhea the true gamer top 10 is
created performed and produced by the
review space channel please check him
out on youtube.com slash the review
space thank you until next time